API Docs: Update links, copy edit, apply style guide (#2294)
slackapi/node-slack-sdk: docs/content/index.md

> | Slack API    | Use | NPM package      |

Reviewer: i did an above edit to match this

|--------------|--------------|-------------------|
| Web API      | Send data to or query data from Slack using any of [more than 200 methods](https://docs.slack.dev/reference/methods). | [`@slack/web-api`](/web-api) |
| OAuth        | Set up the authentication flow using V2 OAuth for Slack apps. | [`@slack/oauth`](/oauth) |
| Incoming Webhooks | Send notifications to a single channel that the user picks on installation. | [`@slack/webhook`](/webhook) |
| Socket Mode  | Listen for incoming messages and a limited set of events happening in Slack, using WebSocket. | [`@slack/socket-mode`](/socket-mode) |

:::warning[Deprecation Notice]

`@slack/events-api` and `@slack/interactive-messages` officially reached EOL on May 31st, 2021. Development has fully stopped for these packages and all remaining open issues and pull requests have been closed.

> At this time, we recommend migrating to [Bolt for JavaScript](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-js), a framework that offers all of the functionality available in those packages (and more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At this time, we recommend migrating to [Bolt for JavaScript](https://tools.slack.dev/bolt-js), a framework that offers all of the functionality available in those packages (and more).
```
